welcome to tiger talk I'm Katherine and
really here today with Tajh Boyd Taj how
does it feel to have the most career
touchdown passes in the ACC i miss honor
something that wasn't necessarily all my
to-do list when I got here but you know
his time came along and you know the
season started progressed to drive my
career you know something that was in
sight and so it's honor to achieve that
and I can't be more proud of the guys
around me as well this past weekend was
your last home game as a senior in Death
Valley how does that feel I'm it's
pretty surreal I'm still you know
ultimately it was a incredible feeling
I'm just a supporting cast for my
teammates to the fans my parents being
down there inside line so I mean it was
a memorable moment and something that
always being my memories and as the
dual-threat quarterback you around the
ball as much as you pass it how does it
feel when you do that in a spread
offense I might think that it creates a
balance I think it keeps the defense on
edge and ultimately gives us the
advantage so it's something that we
implemented when we got here and its
continued to be a work in progress for
us you and Dad both Sweeney had a salute
during the game did that mean anything
important to you guys yeah I think it
just shows how strong our relationship
is you know we are serious when we're
talking about the same time and still
some light-hearted things that we do and
ultimately he's been a great figure in
my life and something I always bear to
talk to if you were talking to a senior
in high school right now that was being
recruited what would you really tell
them about your experience here with the
program um just the the relationship
that I built with the people around me
somebody else that always told me that
whenever you decide to pick a school
that you know the ultimate question is
Jack yourself is a football ended would
you still enjoy being at that school and
that's what I've done here I think I
maximize my time I think I utilized well
and in autumn I felt like I've grown
every aspect of my life this week is
rivalry week as you guys look ahead to
South Carolina what are you doing to
prepare as a team and individually oh
you know ultimately just another game
for us oh it's a big game but at the
same time we don't need to do anything I
the ordinary we should have to go out
there compete perform like we know how
to and just get ready to play the game
good luck to you Taj it's Tajh Boyd and
I'm Katharine andreoli with Clemson
Tigers calm